Add steps to resolve the UUID related error to release notes (#6201)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.3.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

```

>**Note:** This change has affected the `uuid` module. Therefore, if an application uses the`uuid` module or uses a package, which has a dependency on the `uuid` module, make sure that the UUID version is updated to 1.4.0. Otherwise, it would result in the aforementioned compilation error.

> > If the application has a direct dependency, please modify the UUID version to 1.4.0 through modifying the `Dependencies.toml`. If the dependency is transitive, please make sure to update the corresponding package or module to 1.4.0 and use it through updating the `Dependencies.toml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** If the application has a direct dependency, modify the UUID version to 1.4.0 by modifying the `Dependencies.toml` file. If the dependency is transitive, make sure to update the corresponding package or module to 1.4.0 and use it by updating the `Dependencies.toml` file.
```
Can we summarize and combine the two notes into one?
